Assignments ADSAI
Learning objectives: Defining: Artificial intelligence, weak AI, and strong AI
Provide examples of IRL and/or Scifi
Describe the chinese room experiment and it's objective
Match the philosophy of AI terms to the corresponding philosophy of AI matrix quadrants
Explain version control and it's usefullness

We will come back to these objectives when we get to the subject

2.1 What is artificial intelligence?
2.1b How would you define ‘artificial intelligence'?

"Artificial intelligence is a computers ability to learn and adapt by block learning and smart algorithms, often enforced by constant failure and adaptment."

2.1c Give three examples of AI applications. You can choose real-life examples, but also examples from popular culture (e.g., movies, books, video games etc.)

"1. You're walking trough the Efteling and want to know how long the line is? Open up the app and it will not only calculate the time it takes to walk there, but also how long the line is. 2. You open your phone and say: "Hi Siri". Your phone now reconizes your voice and automaticly opens Siri. 3. You take a foto and when the picture comes out, you see that the google lens has already defined the type of bird that you just took a photo off.

2.2a Read the first two sub-chapters of the book Artificial Intelligence: A Modern Approach by Russell and Norvig (2021) (p.19-35).

2.2b Define the following terms: ‘weak AI', and ‘strong AI'.

"Weak AI (otherwise know as narrow AI) can be use to complete tasks of limited complexity. Narrow AI focusses on a specific task and in that varies from weak AI, despite the terms often being used intertwined." "Some examples of narrow AI include: Siri, Google assistent, and Cortana." "These are however not examples of weak AI, since they do not display genuine intelligence or any form of concious thought."

"Strong AI is ofther defined as a lot of different things, among these things are: a machine to adapt to any and all problems; instead of 1 specific one, a machine with a similiar intelligence to that of a human, a machine with a level of intelligence that surpasses that of a human by a mile, or an artificial conciousness that has sentience and/or a mind." "If a machine passes the Turing test this constitutes that the machine has one or more of the above."

What is the ‘Chinese room experiment'? Describe its procedure.

"
